docs: add info about mutagen sync slow due to node_modules (#5303)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/install/performance.md

    Mutagen has generally been great for those using it, but it’s good to be aware of its trade-offs:

    * **It may not be the right choice for every project.**<br>
    Filesystem consistency has been excellent with Mutagen, but performance is its specialty. If consistency is your highest priority, then there are reasons to be cautious. Two-way sync is a very difficult computational problem, and problems *may* surface.

>     * For most projects the initial first-time Mutagen sync of a project is no more than 30 seconds, and subsequent starts take 10 seconds or less. If your project is taking a long time to sync, especially after the initial sync, see [Advanced Configuration](#advanced-mutagen-configuration-options) below to figure out what's taking time and how to bind-mount it.

Reviewer: Summarize first like the other bullet points:

```suggestion
    * **The initial sync takes longer.**<br>
    For most projects, the first-time Mutagen sync of a project takes no more than 30 seconds, and subsequent starts take 10 seconds or less. If your project is taking a long time to sync, especially after the initial sync, see [Advanced Configuration](#advanced-mutagen-configuration-options) below to figure out what's taking time and how to bind-mount it.
```

    * **Reset if you change `mutagen.yml`.**<br>
    If you take control of the `mutagen.yml` file and make changes to it, run `ddev mutagen reset` after making changes.
    * **Avoid file changes when DDEV is stopped.**<br>
    If you change files—checking out a different branch, removing a file—while DDEV is stopped, Mutagen has no way to know about it. When you start again, it will get the files that are stored and bring them back to the host. If you *do* change files while DDEV is stopped, run `ddev mutagen reset` before restarting the project so Mutagen only starts with awareness of the host’s file contents.
    * **It modestly increases disk usage.**<br>

>     Mutagen integration increases the size of your project code’s disk usage, because the code exists both on your computer *and* inside a Docker volume. Your user-uploaded files directories (`upload_dirs`) are normally excluded from mutagen so they're not a problem for most project types or generic configurations where `upload_dirs` is specified. Take care that you have enough overall disk space, and that on macOS you’ve allocated enough file space in Docker Desktop. If you have other large directories you can [exclude specific directories from getting synced](#advanced-mutagen-configuration-options) and use a regular Docker mount for them instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Mutagen integration increases the size of your project code’s disk usage, because the code exists both on your computer *and* inside a Docker volume. Your user-uploaded files directories (`upload_dirs`) are normally excluded from Mutagen so they're not a problem for most project types or generic configurations where `upload_dirs` is specified. Take care that you have enough overall disk space, and that on macOS you’ve allocated enough file space in Docker Desktop. If you have other large directories you can [exclude specific directories from getting synced](#advanced-mutagen-configuration-options) and use a regular Docker mount for them instead.
```

    On macOS and Linux (including WSL2) the default `.ddev/mutagen/mutagen.yml` chooses the `posix-raw` type of symlink handling. (See [mutagen docs](https://mutagen.io/documentation/synchronization/symbolic-links)). This basically means any symlink created will try to sync, regardless of whether it’s valid in the other environment. Mutagen, however, does not support `posix-raw` on traditional Windows, so DDEV uses the `portable` symlink mode. The result is that on Windows, using Mutagen, symlinks must be strictly limited to relative links that are inside the Mutagen section of the project.
    * **It’s a filesystem feature. Make backups!**<br>
    If we’ve learned anything from computer file-storage adventures, it’s that backups are always a good idea!

>     * **`node_modules` on non-NodeJS projects can cause problems**<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **`node_modules` on non-Node.js projects can cause problems**<br>
```

>     When using npm, yarn, etc to compile front-end themes on a system that only uses the rendered output from these tools, e.g. Drupal themes, including the `node_modules` directory to be included can cause major performance problems. The recommendation is to exclude the `node_modules` directory by adding it to the sync:defaults:ignore:paths list in mutagen.yml; see below for details.

Reviewer: Suggested revision to:

1. Wrap commands in backticks like we generally do [elsewhere](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/latest/users/usage/developer-tools/). (Unless it’s the product name; “Yarn” vs. `yarn`.)
2. Hopefully improve brevity without sacrificing accuracy.
3. Warm up “the recommendation” by replacing with “we recommend”.

```suggestion
    When you’re compiling static, front-end assets with tools like `npm` and `yarn`, e.g. Drupal themes, including the `node_modules` directory can cause major performance problems. We recommend excluding `node_modules` by adding it to the `sync:defaults:ignore:paths` list in `mutagen.yml`; see below for details.
```

    #### Advanced Mutagen Troubleshooting

>     Most people get all the information they need about mutagen by watching `ddev mutagen monitor` in another terminal window to see the results. However, Mutagen has full logging. You can run it with `ddev mutagen logs`.

Reviewer: I’d capitalize Mutagen and reword this so it doesn’t mention “most people” and leave you feeling like a bizarre and uncommon creature if you’re not getting the information you need—get to the point and say what it’s for:

```suggestion
    You can observe what Mutagen is doing by watching `ddev mutagen monitor` in another terminal window to see the results. However, Mutagen has full logging. You can run it with `ddev mutagen logs`.
```

Reviewer: I’m not sure why “Mutagen has full logging” is prefaced with “However,” but I’m trying to review quickly here. (Does that mean `ddev mutagen monitor` is more convenient, or more abbreviated? Why would I use `ddev mutagen monitor` vs. `ddev mutagen logs`?)
